feat(webhook): add versioning webhook (#180)
projectcaluma/manabi: README.md

an unauthorized third party.

**Solution:**
- The API generates an ephemeral branca token. This token is a temporary and
  short-lived cryptographic token that contains the file ID and user ID as an
  encrypted payload.
- Both the API and Manabi share a key. In a symmetric shared-key scenario,
  encryption can also be employed to verify the data.
- The frontend displays a link that includes the ephemeral token along with
  the document, allowing users to easily edit it in Word/LO.
- When the user clicks the link, the document opens in Word/LO.
- Manabi retrieves the token from the request URI, checks its validity, and
  proceeds to open the document if the token is verified.
- The token is updated and stored as a cookie within Word/LO for future reference.
- Due to the ephemeral WebDAV lock, Word/LO must regularly contact Manabi to
  refresh the lock. Consequently, we leverage this mechanism to also refresh the
  token.

**Webhook**: We provide an optional webhook feature that enhances the API's
capabilities by adding a versioning system. This webhook is invoked with the
token as an argument prior to the document being saved using WebDAV-PUT. The API

> has the ability to verify this token and consequently create a new version of
> the document. Once the webhook operation is successfully completed, Manabi takes
> over and securely saves the document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
has the ability to verify this token and subsequently save the old version of
the document before "allowing" Manabi to overwrite the file. Once the webhook
operation is successfully completed, Manabi takes over and securely saves the document.
```
